This is our final project for 601.290 - User Interfaces & Mobile Applications.
Team 2 - Sadie, Simon, The Anh, & Zoe

The main purpose of our app, WeTask, is to seamlessly integrate all of an individuals' To-Do lists in
one place. We hope our tool  will allow groups and communities of people to communicate efficiently
and increase their overall productivity. The home page holds three main tabs: viewing your personal
tasks, viewing the tasks in the current group you are in, and viewing all of your archived (completed)
tasks. Our main color is seafoam green to take the user to an exciting and vibrant  experience.

For our first sprint of this project, we wanted to focus on the individual's experience. We were able
to create a database to hold our users with their account and all of their task information. An
individual may create a task for themselves or their other group members and edit, complete,
or delete an existing task in their 'My Tasks' page. At the end of the first sprint, users could
log out and switch between different groups but tasks didn't change between the groups.

For our second sprint, we fully implemented the different group functionality, including creating,
editing, deleting, leaving, and adding other users to groups. We made sure the tasks were separate
in each group and the transition experience was as seamless as possible. We also fully implemented
the ability to store and view created tasks in group archives and redesigned the way tasks themselves
are viewed. Creating cards in a recycler view allowed us to enable animations on task insert and
delete which are more familiar to Android users, giving our app more ease of use and legitimacy in the
Material Design context.

Testing accounts include:
Username = Sadie
Password = 1234

Username = Zoe
Password = 1234

Username = The Anh
Password = 1234

(We have fully developed the ability to add a user and specify different passwords. Our display accounts
have the same passwords because it's easy to remember and demo.)

We accomplished most of our goals for this sprint. We have a number of things we could improve upon
or "reach" ideas, but we're also proud of the product we've created. The biggest next priority would
be adding additional color cues as specified in the design, mainly graying out completed tasks in the
archive and color-coding tasks by assignee in the all tasks view. We could also enable task assignment
through a drag-and-drop interface, but that was a reach goal from the beginning, as discussed.

